friends, good afternoon, good night, affirmed
leonardo lemos plays to be similar
the event to assist the
many people as possible the
spanish people of hispania works
Latin America all other countries
to look
we will end up in this video as
announce here for your bank account the
need to have simple guiana and
fast let's first open spanish
are also seeing in the audience of this site
libertad from the point with here but
President rui a personal friend got
President of Brazil, all but many.
news 11 children should end up in
Login
yesterday Sunday appeared this battle
first the financial the financial bullets
while Cetene what the pen 40 in
gomes $ 120 1 base marvel
after 30 days of wii silver goes
walk to it 's abbey bars what this
I mean
it means that what is there isiba
launched available and bullets available
to withdraw on request for 50 bank
after 30 days all the carnivals and
walk to the available one day 26
I'm recording this video it's day 26 until
four days would be in the morning of the day
1 st
45 days on the 1st day he the next month
I have until the 1st day until the 10th of the month
to match the request to be
available
I would like to remember that it is in the
minimum for withdrawal while banking
transfer or anything that is
it's 300 dollars
if you want to know how much total tnrr 1
I was not here, it's time to
financial wife is also good
Liston networking time to be happy
here I mentioned financial district too
then in general
then the meat in general
I can be here it's all 20 dollars
to put the inter with 2010
then the secondary password is dropped
on the purchase without using them for sacks
for how many banks of all the maximum
now look to be able to accept the
request that there are some
requirements the first place in your underwear
Your account has to check what is
this is to prove to the company that
sports there are also also to fall
personal data and neither date me you go
fill in all blank fields 8
but the bunch who is from pt
then the system the documents cloud is
in that first in st
first field you will put a
document with the embargo on the fourth
can be a dn can be in Brazil fgb
can be any documentation of the
comfort
that the front of the door
back and end up with keeping my feeling
and after that comes the age group of
bank will give 50 bank to power
drop eagerness to fall into 50 the best sub 50
then the house will put the number 50
the gang or bank and when twitter
friends on international codes that
we all present just go to a
manager of your bank or ask uaw
google.me swift code nicole kidman se
have a lot of help out there
talk to any one person seat
Believer everything but will help later
come and put the bank number of the
city ​​and again 1 in the account without the
secondary to be the request
then do not forget the clc was a dell
unofficial teaching tutorial
training the sneakers in the
50 bank requests then no
Forget to fill in all the data
all hoods the bank closed box date
is after 30 days when you have 300
dollars bamba a south sacp available
You can accept the request of the day.
1º to line ds of every month we will have
many serves many people out and
sebum and in the wonderful our company is
connected to a billion people a strong
bye bye hug we read bye bye